oh that's right boys mondo cool sar
search and rescue is an SNK arcade game
who's recently released to the
playstation mini line so this will work
on your playstation portable and it will
work on your playstation 3 you may have
to check if it works on the vita i'm not
sure about that ones i haven't picked
one up yet like the title suggests
you're on a search and rescue mission a
spaceship is crashed on a planet and
they send in two dudes to go check this
out now like all the other SNK
mini-games it only supports one player
despite having the big flashing player
to hit start but keep that in mind this
is a single player experience this is
the first time I've ever heard of this
game and wow I instantly loved it for
the fact that every time you shoot
something it explodes and the most
gloriously gory well animated explosion
of blood and guts in mayhem and violence
I was really surprised the first time I
managed to shoot an anime I've some whoa
check out those guts flying everywhere
is really great I enjoyed the visual
flair of the disembowelment of all these
aliens this is really took a hold of me
now while I love the idea of the game
the music is good the graphics are great
the animation stupendous the gore
amazing the control could have used some
work now the original arcade cabinet you
would control using the arcade stick to
move you would also rotate the arcade
stick to control your aim now how they
ported it over to the PSP and the ps3
you use the L&R button every time you
tap one of the shoulder buttons your
character rotates in that direction and
that's kind of clunky in the later level
in the first areas of the game you're
going to have no problem doing that but
once you get to about the halfway point
the difficulty really starts ramping up
you're going to be dying a lot now the
way all the other SNK games work applies
here you just keep hitting triangle
and you've got infinite credits so if
you want you can just walk through this
game in one sitting just by mashing the
credit buddy something i discovered if
you hit the start button on your PSP it
starts turning those wrapped up credits
into extra lives which is very helpful
when you pick up a weapon you'll hold on
to that weapon until you run out of
lives and have to put in another credit
so if you have ninety nine lives you get
to hold on to that flamethrower or
preferred weapon for as long as you want
basically that's how I found myself
playing I just put in as many credits as
I could and then turn those into as many
lives as I could and just walked through
the game with flamethrower now this game
had it been a duel stick shooter I would
be absolutely enthralled with it I would
love it that that would be outstanding
just the levels of gore and being able
to walk through with dual stick controls
would be amazing but I understand the
limitations of it being an arcade port
and how the arcade game had unique
customized control there is an option
you can bring up the options menu by
hitting select and you can change the
way you aim so which whichever direction
you're walking is the direction you
shoot that may work out for you I found
myself just trying to use the shoulder
buttons to rotate the character the
circle button lets you do kind of a dive
dodging goal attack so in the later
levels instead of trying to shoot the
knockoff xenomorphs I would just roll
past them once you get to the end of an
area and hit the door you advance to the
next area it's not required that you
defeat all the enemies in that area for
moving on so if you want to just dive
and dodge you can do that and I found
myself doing that in the layers where
the screams loaded with enemies that I
can't aim at fast enough like I said the
other option where you aim whichever
direction you shoot I found myself just
accidentally walking into enemies most
of the time and that's no good the boss
fights are decent there's I ran into
four boss fights I believe there may be
more I think there's there may be
multiple paths it looks like a game they
might have a few
optical path I can't really confirm only
went through it twice it looks like
there are multiple paths but I went the
same way both times there may be extra
bosses our enemies hidden throughout
their the bosses were interesting they
were you know you could God shoot I've
around them get off a couple of shots
the enemy designs very cool there are
some aliens that do look exactly like
the Xenomorphs from the alien series
they even with the little mouth spirit
thing that kind of works like sparking
get caught that it shoots at grab Soviet
brings it in they start attacking you
bad way to end your search and rescue
mission schemes very affordable I
enjoyed it I would have liked some
improved controls but you can't win them
all it was a good game I enjoyed it if
you think you can work with the shoulder
buttons controlling your aim which is
very serviceable for the first half game
but really gets frustrating and
difficult towards the latter half pick
this up add a lot of fun with it a lot
of fun I just sing those aliens explode
and fly apart top notch